README.MD, before:

# TrophyHuntMod

This is a BepInEx mod for Valheim for streamers doing the Valheim Trophy Hunt that displays discovered/undiscovered trophies at the bottom edge of the screen along with a computed score for the Trophy Hunt based on current scoring rules.

Available here:

https://thunderstore.io/c/valheim/p/oathorse/TrophyHuntMod/

Requires a BepInEx install.

https://thunderstore.io/c/valheim/p/denikson/BepInExPack_Valheim/


## Installation (manual)

Two Options:
	1. Use r2modman to automatically install it from Thunderstore and launch Valheim. R2modman is the mod manager available for download at https://thunderstore.io
	2. Manual: Simply copy the contents of the archive into the BepinEx/Plugins directory. This is usually found somewhere like 'C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Valheim\BepInEx\plugins'

## What's New?

- Removed "TrophyDraugrFem" from the trophy list since it's not supported in the game and does not drop.
- Decreased default HUD trophy size slightly
- TrophyHuntMod now detects whether it's the only mod running and reports this to the log file and displays the score in light blue instead of yellow.
	Yellow score means it's the only mod, which is required for the Trophy Hunt events.
	Light Blue score means other mods are present.
- Corrected the readme which listed the trophy HUD scaling command as `trophysize` instead of `/trophyscale` which is the correct command.

## Previous Changes

- Increased the base size of trophies so they read better on screen for the stream audience.

- Added `/trophyscale` console command to allow the user to scale the size of the trophies at the bottom of the screen. Default is 1.0, and can be set as low as 0.1 and as high as you like. This will help adjust trophies to be more readable for streamers at some screen sizes.

	To increase the size of the trophies, hit <enter> to bring up the Chat Console and type `/trophyscale 1.5` for example. This would increase the trophy sizes by 50%

- Made the animation that plays when you collect a trophy more visible by flashing it on and off as well as animating the size. This makes it easier for runners to know when they picked one up without hunting for it on the trophy bar at the bottom.

## Features

Displays a tray at the bottom of the game screen with the computed Trophy Hunt score on the left, and each Trophy running to the right. Trophies are grouped by Biome, and are displayed in silhouette when not yet acquired, and in full color when acquired.

A death counter appears to the left of the health and food bar, as deaths count against point totals in Trophy Hunt.

### Console Command: `/trophyhunt`

The Chat console (and F5 console) both support the console command `/trophyhunt` which prints out the Trophy Hunt scoring in detail like so:

```
[Trophy Hunt Scoring]
Trophies:
  TrophyBoar: Score: 10 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyDeer: Score: 10 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyNeck: Score: 10 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyEikthyr: Score: 40 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyGreydwarf: Score: 20 Biome: Forest
Trophy Score Total: 90
Penalties:
  Deaths: 2 Score: -40
  Logouts: 0 Score: 0
Total Score: 50
```

### Console Command: `/showpath`

This will display pins on the in-game Map showing the path that the Player has traveled during the session. One pin every 100 meters or so.

## Support the Valheim Speedrunning Community!
If you'd like to donate a dollar or two to the speedrunners and the Trophy Hunt Events, please consider donating via CashApp or PayPal. All the money goes directly into the prize pool for future Trophy Hunt events! 

You can learn more on the Valheim Speedrun Discord channel here: https://discord.gg/9bCBQCPH

	CashApp: $ARCHYCooper 
	PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/expertarchy

## Known issues

## Feature Requests

- Report score and trophies to the valheim.help tracker during runs
- Kr4ken92 - I also think it would be nice to have such a feature that display the number of creature killed vs the number of trophy obtained (ex: stone golem killed 1000 / Trophy obtained 1) with a command like trophystats

## Where to Find
You can find the github at: https://github.com/smariotti/TrophyHuntMod

Note, this was originally built with Jotunn, using their example mod project structure, though Jotunn is no longer a requirement to run it. You just need to have BepInEx installed.

Commit message:

Added /trophyrush mode, tooltips for the trophy icons at the pause menu and a TrophyHuntMod splash screen at the main menu

README.MD, after:

# TrophyHuntMod

This is a BepInEx mod for Valheim for streamers doing the Valheim Trophy Hunt that displays discovered/undiscovered trophies at the bottom edge of the screen along with a computed score for the Trophy Hunt based on current scoring rules.

Available here:

https://thunderstore.io/c/valheim/p/oathorse/TrophyHuntMod/

Requires a BepInEx install.

https://thunderstore.io/c/valheim/p/denikson/BepInExPack_Valheim/


## Installation (manual)

Two Options:
	1. Use r2modman to automatically install it from Thunderstore and launch Valheim. R2modman is the mod manager available for download at https://thunderstore.io
	2. Manual: Simply copy the contents of the archive into the BepinEx/Plugins directory. This is usually found somewhere like 'C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Valheim\BepInEx\plugins'

## What's New?

v0.2.4
- Added tooltips to the Trophy icons at the bottom screen if you pause the game (ESC) and hover the mouse over them.
	This displays the Trophy name, the number of enemies killed that could drop that trophy and the number of trophies actually dropped by those enemies as well as a drop percentage.
- Swanky new Main Menu logo displaying "Trophy Hunt!" and the mod's version number
- Experimental console command `/trophyrush` which enables Trophy Rush Mode.
	Trophy Rush mode causes every enemy that WOULD drop a Trophy to drop a Trophy 100% of the time. This was suggested by @FizzyP as a potential new trophy hunt contest type so it's in there for experimentation

## Previous Changes

v0.2.3
- Removed "TrophyDraugrFem" from the trophy list since it's not supported in the game and does not drop.
- Decreased default HUD trophy size slightly
- TrophyHuntMod now detects whether it's the only mod running and reports this to the log file and displays the score in light blue instead of yellow.
	Yellow score means it's the only mod, which is required for the Trophy Hunt events.
	Light Blue score means other mods are present.
- Corrected the readme which listed the trophy HUD scaling command as `trophysize` instead of `/trophyscale` which is the correct command.

v0.2.2
- Increased the base size of trophies so they read better on screen for the stream audience.
- Added `/trophyscale` console command to allow the user to scale the size of the trophies at the bottom of the screen. Default is 1.0, and can be set as low as 0.1 and as high as you like. This will help adjust trophies to be more readable for streamers at some screen sizes.
	To increase the size of the trophies, hit <enter> to bring up the Chat Console and type `/trophyscale 1.5` for example. This would increase the trophy sizes by 50%
- Made the animation that plays when you collect a trophy more visible by flashing it on and off as well as animating the size. This makes it easier for runners to know when they picked one up without hunting for it on the trophy bar at the bottom.

## Trophy Hunt Mod Features

Displays a tray at the bottom of the game screen with the computed Trophy Hunt score on the left, and each Trophy running to the right. Trophies are grouped by Biome, and are displayed in silhouette when not yet acquired, and in full color when acquired.

A death counter appears to the left of the health and food bar, as deaths count against point totals in Trophy Hunt.

### Console Command: `/trophyhunt`

The Chat console (and F5 console) both support the console command `/trophyhunt` which prints out the Trophy Hunt scoring in detail like so:

```
[Trophy Hunt Scoring]
Trophies:
  TrophyBoar: Score: 10 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyDeer: Score: 10 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyNeck: Score: 10 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyEikthyr: Score: 40 Biome: Meadows
  TrophyGreydwarf: Score: 20 Biome: Forest
Trophy Score Total: 90
Penalties:
  Deaths: 2 Score: -40
  Logouts: 0 Score: 0
Total Score: 50
```

### Console Command: `/showpath`

This will display pins on the in-game Map showing the path that the Player has traveled during the session. One pin every 100 meters or so.

## Support the Valheim Speedrunning Community!
If you'd like to donate a dollar or two to the speedrunners and the Trophy Hunt Events, please consider donating via CashApp or PayPal. All the money goes directly into the prize pool for future Trophy Hunt events! 

You can learn more on the Valheim Speedrun Discord channel here: https://discord.gg/9bCBQCPH

	CashApp: $ARCHYCooper 
	PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/expertarchy

## Known issues

## Feature Requests

- Report score and trophies to the valheim.help tracker during runs
- Kr4ken92 - I also think it would be nice to have such a feature that display the number of creature killed vs the number of trophy obtained (ex: stone golem killed 1000 / Trophy obtained 1) with a command like trophystats

## Where to Find
You can find the github at: https://github.com/smariotti/TrophyHuntMod

Note, this was originally built with Jotunn, using their example mod project structure, though Jotunn is no longer a requirement to run it. You just need to have BepInEx installed.
